8/16/23- Yesterday John drove and we built out the database, he figured out how to get the docker containers running since we couldn't figure that out on the 15th when Jean was driving in the afternoon. I drove in the morning of the 15th and built out some models, I think they'll need to be changed. I also believe that we'll need additional models. Yesterday we also selected issues we wanted to tackle so that was great.

8/21/23- Over the weekend I spent time looking into the documentation for the Places API. Today I made a branch for the Places API and will be working on adding relavent code to the branch to test it. 

8/22/23- Yesterday I worked with Tasnia on buillding models and functions for the Places API, we also decided on Nearby Search instead of Text Search because of issues with API Key access. We went through several iterations of models and functions before landing where we have. We still need to build more functions and will do so today. No blockers. Elie worked on merges yesterday morning and worked on updating the database models on a different branch, "database relationships". She is now working on putting notes in and making sure that when an object is deleted that it is deleted across the code base. She has no blockers. John got the login function working yesterday. Today he will continue working on user sign up. Today's lecture helped him realize he's on the right track. We've decided that the theme is Disco. John wants to save "Activate/Deactivate Account" towards the end of the project. We could potentially just filter it on the backend with a status. This will be change in the Account Model, it can have the auto default of either being active or inactive. Tasnia will work on testing the API today to make sure it hits on the backend. 

8/24/23- Yesterday I worked on drafting the React component for nearby search and geocode. Today I will finish the back end with Tasnia. Blockers- yesterday the backend stopped working when the new databse info merged so we had to roll it back. It should be fine today. Jean got the mailer to work yesterday, today he is working on styling it.


