8/14/2023-  Today I created a task flow that illustrated how our porgram would work and how the user would interact with it. This structure ensures that we will have a structure that everyone agrees to and use as a diagram. 
8/16/2023 - Today we focused on learning and undertanding Backend Auth. Its a little overwhelming but i hope our understanding  grows. 
8/17/2023- We wrote and split issues. I took most of the work incorporating the google maps api and alot of the backend work for the api. I'm splitting this work with Leah so I'm excited to get into it. We spent most of the tim working on issues.
8/21-8/22- Me and Leah went in a seperate breakout room to study and research the api together. It was a lot of quiet time as we read and looked up videos explaining what we would need for our code. 
8/23/2023- I drove. I worked with Leah to play with the Google maps api. We looked through old projects people did on gitlab to see examples of how the api could be implemented in our projects. We began trying to use the api in our routers view function and that is what I will be continuing to do today.
    Ellie- Worked on database and was trying to work with cascades. Tried out mongodb triggers and is still trying to finalize that. Also worked on frontend design drafts/wireframes. Goals for today is to continue working on the database.
    Jean- Yesterday he was working on integrating the email api. He was able to get it working and running this morning. He is not able to complete it fully until later in the project. He will continue working with emails today.
    Jonh- Yesterday he finished the logout feature. Is now working with the signup. He is now having issues that login stays out when you click signup. He is working on getting that to work and the plan is to have that working by end of day.
    Leah- Worked with me on the Places api. Watched tutorials and read documentation to understand what we learned yesterday so we can use it today. Also went through the react google maps library. Feels comfortable with it. Today will implement what we found with it.
8/24/2023 - I worked on the geocode functions and integrating it into our create_party_pan function. I spent most of the day debugging and understanding what I needed.
8/29/2023 - I drove. I worked with Leah to test the Geocode API. I debugged the functions all yesterday and was trying to figure out why it wouldn't return what we were looking for. I then found that the GEOJSON model wasn't returning a dictionary and was actually returning None. We got rid of that model and reworked the APIMapsLocation model and then the tests we successful. Today I plan on working and debugging the nearbysearch function and testing the location creation. No blocker right now.
    John - Working on accounts so that the account can have more than email and password for an account. Also worked on an account update. Today he plans on working on password reset. No blockers right now.
    Ellie - Yesterday she spent time on merge requests. Figured out and worked on how the database will work with the emails. Got a successful response with the email API. Worked on frontend design elements and researched react elements. Going to continue working of user dashboard elements. Wants to have a discussion on forms with team members and allocate that responsibility. No blockers, just updating the database changes.
    Jean - Yesterday he worked on implementing the rsvp headline for the email service. Also he updated the email model. He will continue working on updating the email model. No blockers.
    Leah - Recloned her repo because her repo was off the path. That blocker is now gone. She will work on nearby serach today.
8/30/2023-  I worked on the debugged NearbySearch and worked on testing it. I created the endpoints on insomnia and tested that all the create and get for the nearbysearch and geocode were working. They were. When we create a location, it finds out the geo of the location and then is able to find places near that place. 
8/31/2023- I worked on the update party plan. I am working on added searches to the update and making sure that duplicates were not being added. This function was very finnicky but by updating the existing searched locations each time I am able to append more searches as I go. 
9/5/2023- I worked on the update againa and worked on the adding favorite locations to the party plan. This function was also finnicky as the favorites needed to make sure the id was in the searched locations. I also needed to make sure duplicates were not added to the lists. I will continue working on it tonight. 
9/6/2023- I began working on the frontend. I created a nearby search js that has react hooks that fetch the party plan that was created, fetch the nearby seach fetch, iterates through the search and creates them into locations and adds them to the searched location part in the partyplan. 
9/7/2023 - I continued working on this same js I was yesterday. I also begain working on the redirect where the form modal will redirect to the search which will redirect to the plan detail page after the hooks are done working. 
